[Applause]
really came for um taking Halloween
candy away from children with this is
our sixth year of doing this and for the
first time in those six years I have the
trick-or-treat of living in my house my
daughter turned 2 in July we address her
as a monkey last night and we went
around the block she was very excited
about the candy even though she doesn't
know the difference between lollipops
and popsicles we had to explain that but
she was Jane was very happy last night
she woke up this morning in a snippy
mood and she also is at the age where
she says no to everything
so I decided this was the perfect time
to tell her I ate all her stuff wait a
minute I'm good
your reaction confuses me but here's how
about hey Jane you're already in a bad
mood
no it's about to get worse it's not hey
Jane no do you remember when we went
trick-or-treating last night yeah that
was fun right yeah you remember all the
candy we got yeah
well daddy ate all of it no yeah yeah he
did yeah I ate all your Halloween candy
oh yeah mhm it has dirt in that yeah
there's a little bit of dirt there but
Jane you're missing the point it's not
about the dirt yes Jane your father
ate all your Halloween candy yeah and it
was delicious
not when you dressed as a monkey last
night you weren't
you were yeah are you gonna contradict
everything I say
you're not campaign alright thank you
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen forever